Expand on considerations re maxPoolSize (#497)
graphile/worker: website/docs/config.md

Type: `number | undefined`

Maximum number of concurrent connections to Postgres. This number can be lower
than concurrentJobs. However a low pool size may cause you issues. If all your
pool clients are busy then no jobs can be started and no jobs can be released,

> so it's critical that you don't run out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so it's critical that you don't run out. It must be at least `2`.
```

> Maximum number of concurrent connections to Postgres. This number can be lower
> than concurrentJobs. However a low pool size may cause you issues. If all your
> pool clients are busy then no jobs can be started and no jobs can be released,
> so it's critical that you don't run out. It must be at least `2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maximum number of concurrent connections to Postgres; must be at least `2`. This
number can be lower than `concurrentJobs`, however a low pool size may cause
issues - if all your pool clients are busy then no jobs can be started or
released. If in doubt, we recommend setting it to `10` or `concurrentJobs + 2`,
whichever is larger. (Note: if your task executors use this pool, then an even
larger value may be needed for optimum performance, depending on the shape of
your logic.)
```
